
<script>
window.MathJax = {
  tex: {
    inlineMath: [['$', '$'], ['\\(', '\\)']],
    displayMath: [['$$', '$$'], ['\\[', '\\]']]
  }
};
</script>
<script defer src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/mathjax@3/es5/tex-mml-chtml.js"></script>


# Qiuzhen Lectures on Functinal Analysis: From dual spaces to spectral theory

- [Newest version](https://binguimath.github.io/Files/2025_FA.pdf)


## Some historical versions 



- [2025.12.24](2025_FA_Old/20251224.pdf)

This is the latest version used in the Functional Analysis course for Qiuzhen College in Fall 2025.

Updates after this version: 

Section 2.2 has been revised to clarify the overall structure of the section and the purpose of each subsection. 

Subsec. 4.2.3 has been revised to better present the relationship between the sesquilinear form determined by the Hankel matrix and the polynomial moments.

In Sec. 6.2, the important property $(M_f)^n=M_{f^n}$ was originally left as an exercise and explicitly assigned in the problem section (Sec. 6.12). A proof of this result has now been provided.

The subtitible "from dual spaces to spectral theorem", as well as the English introduction (see Ch. 0), has been added.

Minor corrections have been made.

- [2026.05.01](2025_FA_Old/20260501.pdf)

Updates after this version: 

The previous statement of Prop. 7.8.3 was incorrect. It has now been corrected. 

The Acknowledgment section, Sec. 0.3, has been added.

Minor corrections have been made.

- [2026.06.09](2025_FA_Old/20260609.pdf)

This is the last version updated during the course Functional Analysis in Spring 2026. The Schedule on the [course webpage](https://binguimath.github.io/Courses/Course_2026S_FA.html) matches the chapter and theorem numbers in this version.


